Some code cleanup of the parser generator (#2)
angrykoala/mindfck: README.md

## Requirements

Install antlr4-tools to work with the parser

```
pip3 install antlr4-tools
```

> You'll also need java-11-jre or openjdk-11-jre installed

Reviewer: Nitpick but better to ask for Eclipse Temurin, which:

```suggestion
You'll also need java 11 installed. You can easily install a distribution of it with [Sdkman](https://sdkman.io/): `sdk install java 11.0.24-tem` 
```
